Removes duplicated Retangle, Oval, Diamonds Fixes #4791 (#4792)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: source/docs/user_manual/processing_algs/qgis/vectorgeometry.rst

     - The output multipart vector layer

.. _qgisrectanglesovalsdiamonds:

Rectangles, ovals, diamonds
-----------------------------------

> Creates a buffer area for all the features in an input layer with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Creates a buffer area with a rectangle, oval or diamond shape
for all the features of an input point layer.
```

Author: I like the suggestion, but since we are at it, how about "for each feature of"?

Reviewer: Updated.

> different shape choice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
